Local quickstart cleanup (#592)
dfinity/docs: modules/quickstart/pages/local-quickstart.adoc

+
Depending on your platform and local security settings, you might see a warning displayed.
If you are prompted to allow or deny incoming network connections, click *Allow*.
. Leave the terminal window that displays canister execution operations open and switch your focus to the first terminal window where you created your new project.
+

> You perform the remaining steps in the terminal that doesn't display {IC} operations.

Reviewer: Oh I think I missed these on mine 🙈

> You perform the remaining steps in the terminal that doesn't display {IC} operations.

Author: ```suggestion
You perform the remaining steps in the terminal that doesn't display canister execution operations.
```

[[next-steps]]
== Next steps

This _Quick Start_ touched on only a few key steps to introduce the basic workflow for developing dapps of your own.
You can find more detailed examples and tutorials to help you learn about how to use {proglang} and how to develop dapps to run on the {IC} blockchain throughout the documentation.

Here are some suggestions for where to go next:

* link:../developers-guide/tutorials-intro{outfilesuffix}[Tutorials] to explore building simple dapps using a local canister execution environment.

* link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}#convert-icp[Convert ICP tokens to cycles] if you have ICP tokens that you want to convert to cycles to enable you to deploy dapp to the {IC} blockchain.

> * link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[On-chain deployment] if you have cycles and are ready to deploy an application to the {IC} blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:network-quickstart{outfilesuffix}[On-chain deployment] if you have cycles and are ready to deploy an application to the {IC} blockchain mainnet.
```
